# Health-Tracker

## Introduction

The MERN stack which consists of Mongo DB, Express.js, Node.js, and React.js is a popular stack for building full-stack web-based applications because of its simplicity and ease of use. In recent years, with the explosive popularity and the growing maturity of the JavaScript ecosystem, the MERN stack has been the goto stack for a large number of web applications. This stack is also highly popular among newcomers to the JS field because of how easy it is to get started with this stack.

This repository consists of a Health Tracker WebApp built with the help of MERN stack. It is basically for Doctors and Admins of Hospitals to keep track of various Statistics such as Hospital Branches and Departments, add Patient Details, view Patient Summary etc. All the screenshots below regarding the WebApp have been attached.

## Features

This application provides users with the following features:

  •	Pictorial and Statistical Representation and Comparison of various Parameters
  •	Real-time Updates
  •	Easy Insertion of Patient Details
  •	Simple and Informative Display of Patient Details

## Screenshots



## Future Scope

•	We will extend the website by adding new health parameters in order to cover more departments and respective details.
•	We will include additional graphs so that it is easier to deduct statistical data for better administration of hospitals.
•	We will further add a feature of downloading a pdf version of the Patient Summary.
• We are thinking of adding a feature wherein we can send an email of the Patient Summary to the respective stakeholder.
•	We can extend this website by connecting it to machines like Oxymeter, Weighing Machine, BP Monitor, Glucometer etc which will in turn record these values     directly into the database instead of manual intervention.
•	We will also include statistics about the total revenue generated by the hospital and visualize it in various ways to get better insights.

## Things to note

•	The frontend is created using create-react-app.
•	Database connections in the backend are handled using the Mongoose ORM.

## Contribution

Manori Sangani
Archita Sogani

## Acknowledgement

KJ Somaiya College of Engineering
Faculty – Deepa Jain



